# WebDev-Show-and-Tell
This learning journey contains a very specific set of tools and technologies focus on WebDev. In no shape, form or manner does it commprise of the full WebDev Stack that is needed to build fully fledged apps. The toolskit is focused and compiled based on the instructions given to me by instructor and mentor at AlBa for my summer internship.
Below is the initial skeletal structure of my learning journey in the form of a roadmap that ive compiled:
#note: this is a rudimentary list and may keep updating as i learn.

Here's an updated learning roadmap
incorporating my previous suggestions:
**Learning Roadmap:**

**Phase 1: Front-end Foundation (Weeks
1-4)**

1. **HTML**: Learn the basics of HTML
structure, tags, attributes, and
semantic elements.
2. **CSS**: Understand the fundamentals
of CSS, including selectors,
properties, values, and layout (e.g.,
flexbox, grid).
3. **Bootstrap**: Learn Bootstrap to
understand responsive design and UI/UX
principles.

**Phase 2: Front-end Essentials with
JavaScript (Weeks 5-8)**

1. **JavaScript basics**: Get familiar
with JavaScript fundamentals, including
data types, functions, loops,
conditional statements, and DOM
manipulation.
2. **ES6+ features**: Learn about ES6+
features, such as async/await,
promises, and arrow functions.

**Phase 3: Blazor.NET (C#) Fundamentals
(Weeks 9-12)**

1. **Blazor.NET introduction**:
Understand the concept of Blazor.NET,
including Razor templates, WebAssembly,
and the Blazor architecture.
2. **C# fundamentals**: Learn C#
basics, including data types,
variables, control structures,
functions, and object-oriented
programming.

**Phase 4: Back-end Development (Weeks
13-16)**

1. **.NET basics**: Get familiar with
.NET Core, including project creation,
dependencies, and configuration.
2. **ASP.NET fundamentals**: Learn
about ASP.NET Core, including routing,
controllers, actions, and models.
3. **Blazor.NET integration**:
Integrate Blazor.NET into your back-end
setup, exploring how to use it with
ASP.NET Core.

**Phase 5: Project Development and
Review (Weeks 17-20)**

1. **Build a small project**: Create a
simple web application using
Blazor.NET, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.
2. **Review and refine**: Review your
code, identify areas for improvement,
and refine your skills.
3. **Prepare for advanced topics**:
Explore advanced topics in Blazor.NET,
ASP.NET Core, and C# to further enhance
your skills.

**Additional Resources:**

* Microsoft's official documentation
for Blazor.NET
* FreeCodeCamp or Codecademy courses on
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C#, and .NET
* Udemy or Coursera courses on Web
Development, UI/UX, or .NET

This roadmap allows you to develop a
solid foundation in front-end
development with Bootstrap, learn the
basics of JavaScript, and then focus on
Blazor.NET and back-end development.
The final phase focuses on building a
small project, reviewing your code, and
preparing for advanced topics
